hey everybody its stiffener on the patio
gardeners and what a gorgeous July date
is today wouldn't you say it's so humid
right now yeah it is really humid it's
like we're swimming uh Tiffany what do
we have grown on today that's not funny
um oh well all of our plates for the
most part are still growing our
strawberries are going crazy producing
runners so you can see like all of our
plants up like four or five runners
coming off of them so we're taking care
of that this week in terms of cutting
them off or we are planting some of them
so we'll post a little video about that
in a couple days it'll be the strawberry
runner video in other news our cucumbers
are still sort of growing along I did
transplant a bunch of them while four of
them anyway you can see over here so
we've got two in each one of these
containers I did leave a lot still in
the big container here because I figured
if some of the ones that I transplanted
didn't didn't take for whatever reason I
could always grab a backup cucumber
plant from here if they work out just
fine I'll probably just get rid of the
back up cucumbers here so to speak sort
of bad news on the garlic front right
there's also bad news on the carrot
front that you just kind of glossed over
yeah the reason why we were able to
transplant these into these giant
containers is cuz the carrots didn't
really work here is the one remaining
survived and carrot I know if you can
see that little guy yeah I noticed
you're not laughing it's not funny I
it's slugs or caterpillars or something
like that I don't know what it is I
think they're gonna eat the cucumbers
though now that you know transplant it
though we'll see we'll see with the
garlic you guys have to promise not to
laugh yeah I staked it the two remaining
garlic bits I staked them up as if there
were tomatoes or something because the
wind is just demolishing them i started
out how many I starwood
like six or suspects or eight or
something ridiculous number and just the
wind demolished them we live in Chicago
it is the Windy City they call it that
from multiple reasons one of them is the
wind and we do get a fair amount of wind
our balcony here because we live close
to the lake yeah so um speaking of
staking things we also have some what do
we stake over here two different things
right those are the peppers they're
jalapeno peppers right yeah yep so we
staked these guys we also thin them out
I think there's only three growing in
this pot here is Erin yeah we were gonna
go down to two but then these three
looks so good so and then we've also got
our tomato plants back here that we've
staked including this little guy who
isn't really even old enough to steak
yet well there's a steak next to him we
haven't tied him up yet yeah and he's
plenty old he's just small he's just
he's a small grower um so anyway we've
got for these tomato oh I guess five
actually there's one on the ground and
then our Jubilee to let's just spend the
last second of the video timing on this
so Mario and Diana gave us this plant on
ages ago and its really really really
grown how tall is this like least four
feet right
maybe than five feet it depends on
whether or not you count the pot yeah so
the to the plant has really really grown
um unfortunately we have not had a huge
amount of luck in it actually producing
anything it has been very hot this is
the first week where it's been like good
decent summer temperatures we've had it
flower a couple times but none of the
flowers have done anything sadly so
we're still holding out hope well we'll
see what happens and then I think the
last thing that we need to mention is we
have to shout outs we have to do do you
remember the name yes um so one is to a
fellow named and I have to be specific
this is the real Vince Sammy oz Vince
I'm not sure how you pronounce your last
name but he's the real one and we'll put
a link here and you can watch these
these gardening roundups that he's been
doing which you're pretty neat i just
watched one and apparently we're in the
latest one so check that out and then
the other shout out that we have to do
is to the zone eight gardeners who are a
couple were they from Tiffany Seattle
they're from Seattle um so they've got
some some interesting things growing on
as well Tiffany just grimaced she's
shaking your head they're not growing on
they've got interesting stuff growing so
feel free to check out their videos
we'll put it we'll put an annotation and
a link in the description as well anyway
I think that's pretty much it this week
right yeah it's just hot yeah it's just
hot so anyway uh that's us the patio
garners feel free to subscribe watch
more of our videos and stay cool this
summer